>> Brian Holt: So here, I'm talking about
what this is can be in other settings,
right?
So that's a console.log like this
is window and that's true, right?
So in this particular case,
whenever I'd call this,
it is referring to the entire window.
And you can see here that
this .scroll which is how far
down on the page scroll
is exactly the same.
In fact, if I change it,
it'll change based on
where I am which is kind of cool, right?
But if I land live in the same place,
it won't change, right?
I'm not scrolling anywhere.
We can see I can access that both on
this .scrollY and we know .scrollY,
because they are the same thing.
Yep, so here, I kind of restate that.
If you're inside an object, a good rule
of thumb that this will be the object.
If you are not inside of an object
of some sort, this is gonna be
window or whatever the global object
is which for browsers is window.
>> Speaker 2: [COUGH] The attributes
in the objects, do they have names?
How we should, call them?
>> Brian Holt: Yeah,
like the keys or properties?
>> Speaker 2: Keys, yeah, or just key in.
>> Brian Holt: This is the key.
This is the value and the whole thing
would be called up like a property.
>> Speaker 2: A property, okay.
>> Brian Holt: Yep.
>> Brian Holt: So in here, I have links
to Kyle Simpson's which I link here,
JavaScript foundations.
He actually has a whole
section here on learn this.
So it is probably a pretty good place to
go down, if you want understand it better.
If you are doing in job interviews for
JavaScript jobs,
they love to ask questions about this,
because it is so have to.
I have problems with
JavaScript interviews.
>> Speaker 2: [LAUGH]
>> Brian Holt: It feels more like jeopardy
than if feels like an interview.
So that's actually, probably a pretty
good one to figure out context and
what this is and those sorts of things.